Docs: AudioNode + AnalyserNode (#273)
software-mansion-labs/react-native-audio-api: packages/audiodocs/docs/visualization/analyser-node.mdx

It is an [`AudioNode`](/core/audio-node) that passes the audio data unchanged from input to output, but allows you to take passed data and process it.

<AudioNodePropsTable numberOfInputs={1} numberOfOutputs={1} channelCount={2} channelCountMode={"max"} channelInterpretation={"speakers"} />

#### Time domain vs Frequency domain

![time-domain-vs-frequency-domain](/img/time_domain_vs_frequency_domain.jpg)

A time-domain graph illustrates how a signal evolves over time, displaying changes in amplitude or intensity as time progresses.
In contrast, a frequency-domain graph reveals how the signal's energy or power is distributed across different frequency bands, highlighting the presence and strength of various frequency components over a specified range.

## Properties

### `fftSize`

Returns unsigned long value representing size of [Fast Fourier Transform](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fast_Fourier_transform) used to determine frequency domain.

Value:
  - Must be a power of 2 between 32 and 32768.
  - Default value is 2048.

Exceptions:
  - `IndexSizeError: Error`

>   Thrown if the value set is not a power of 2, or is not between 32 and 32768.

Reviewer: Maybe for propeties with longer explanation, we could go with some simple titled box component, f.e.
https://stackblitz.com/edit/vitejs-vite-3hs9tdch?file=src%2FApp.tsx,src%2FApp.css&terminal=dev

(but with better styling)

### `frequencyBinCount` <ReadOnly />

> Returns unsigned long value representing the half of the `fftSize`. In general it is size of returning data.

Reviewer: Returns integer value representing amount of the data obtained in frequency domain. (half of tthe `fftSize` property.

### `minDecibels`

> Returns double value representing the minimum value for the range of results from `getByteFrequencyData()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns number (float) value representing the minimum value for the range of results from `getByteFrequencyData()`.
```

Value:
  - 0 dB([decibel](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Decibel)) is the loudest possible sound, -10 dB is a 10th of that.
  - Default value is -100 dB.
  - When getting data from `getByteFrequencyData()`, any frequency with amplitude lower then `minDecibels` will be returned as 0.

Exceptions:
  - `IndexSizeError: Error`
  Thrown if the value of `minDecibels` is greater then or equal to `maxDecibels`.

### `maxDecibels`

> Returns double value representing the maximum value for the range of results from `getByteFrequencyData()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns number (float) value representing the maximum value for the range of results from `getByteFrequencyData()`.
```

Value:
  - 0 dB([decibel](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Decibel)) is the loudest possible sound, -10 dB is a 10th of that.
  - Default value is -30 dB.
  - When getting data from `getByteFrequencyData()`, any frequency with amplitude higher then `maxDecibels` will be returned as 255.

Exceptions:
  - `IndexSizeError: Error`
  Thrown if the value of `maxDecibels` is less then or equal to `minDecibels`.

### `smoothingTimeConstant`

> Returns double value representing averaging constant with the last analysis frame.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns number (float) value representing averaging constant with the last analysis frame.
```

> In general makes transition between values over time smoother.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In general the higher value the smoother is the transition between values over time
```

  Thrown if the  set value of `smoothingTimeConstant` is not within the range 0-1.

## Methods

Inherits methods from its parent [`AudioNode`](/core/audio-node).

### `getFloatFrequencyData`

The `getFloatFrequencyData` method copies current frequency data into given array.
Each value in the array represents the decibel value for a specific frequency.

Parameters:
  - `array: number[]`

  The `number[]` to which frequency data will be copied.

Returns `undefined`.

### `getByteFrequencyData`

The `getByteFrequencyData` method copies current frequency data into given array.
Each value in the array is within the range 0 to 255.

Parameters:
  - `array: number[]`

  The `number[]` to which frequency data will be copied.

Returns `undefined`.

### `getFloatTimeDomainData`

The `getFloatTimeDomainData` method copies current time-domain data into given array.
Each value in the array is the magnitude of the signal at a particular time.

Parameters:
  - `array: number[]`

  The `number[]` to which frequency data will be copied.

Returns `undefined`.

### `getByteTimeDomainData`

The `getByteTimeDomainData` method copies current time-domain data into given array.

> Each value in the array is within the range 0 to 255.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each value in the array is within the range 0 to 255, where value of 127 indicates silence.
```
